Location: Building 35, Instruction Room 2
Date: 		15.02.2022
Time: 		16:45 – 17:20
Attendees: 	Yannick Rijsenbrij, Arthur Jacques, Jakub Patałuch,
                                    Francisco Ruas Vaz, Rares Toader, Michiel Bakker and TA Timur
Chair: 		Yannick Rijsenbrij
Notes:		Michiel Bakker

**Agenda items:**
-Finalise backlog

-Start with Code of Conduct

-Summary action points

-TA comments

**Back Log:**
Timur said that we need to be more precise with a formula and that the final back-log needs to be issues on gitlab (also the ‘won’t have’).

Code of conduct:
We came to the conclusion that we would do the code of conduct together on Thursday via a Discord-call.

**Action points:**
We still need to do the interface stuff and to make a prototype. Also everyone should have a single merge request by the end of the week and we should watch the preparation video’s before attending the lecture on Wednesday. 

**TA comments:**

The agenda for the next meeting should be submitted Monday evening. Next week we need to tell each other a ‘tip and top’. We should also discuss the grade we want to get and spread the workload. 


