**Agenda [Meeting week 7]**

Location: [DrebbelwegIZ2]

Date: [29-03-2022]

Time: [16:45-17:15]

Attendees: [Yannick Rijsenbrij, Rares Toader, Arthur Jacques, Jakub Patałuch,

Francisco Ruas Vaz, Michiel Bakker]

Chair: [Michiel Bakker

Note taker: [Rares Toader]

**Agenda-items**

[16:45 - 16:47]  **Opening by chair**

[16:47 – 16:50]  **Check-in**

[16:50- 16:52]  **[Agenda-item 1] - [Buddy check reflection]**

(reminder)

_Remind everyone to do the Self-reflection assignment 5b: Deadline moved?_

[16:52 - 16:53]  **[Agenda-item 2] - [HCI grade (if graded)]** 


[16:53 - 16:58]  **[Agenda-item 3] - [Reflecting on the current state of the project]** 

(discussing)

_Show Timur the current state of the feedback. Check-in with the backlog & ask feedback._

[16:59 – 17:05]  **[Agenda-item 4] – [Division of work for this week]**

_(deciding)_

_Set a new milestone for the coming week and overview the next big things we need to work on, deciding the back-end/ front-end division and devision of tasks._

[17:05 – 17:08]  **[Agenda-item 5] – [TA feedback]** 

_(discussing)_

_Asking Timur for an update after the flags last week. And for feedback about the state of the project._

[17:08 – 17:10] **Feedback Round**

[17:10 – 17:14]  **Question Round**

[17:14 – 17:15]  **Closure**  
©Instituut voor Talen en Academische Vaardigheden 2021
