**Agenda [Meeting week 7]**

Location: [DrebbelwegIZ2]

Date: [22-03-2022]

Time: [16:45-17:15]

Attendees: [Yannick Rijsenbrij, Michiel Bakker, Arthur Jacques, Jakub Patałuch,

Francisco Ruas Vaz, Rares Toader]

Chair: [Rares Toader]

Note taker: [Arthur Jacques]

**Agenda-items**

[16:45 - 16:47]  **Opening by chair**

[16:47 – 16:50]  **Check-in**

[16:50- 16:52]  **[Agenda-item 1] - [Buddy check reflection]**

(reminder)

_Remind everyone to start doing their buddy check reflection, as it might take some time._

[16:52 - 16:56]  **[Agenda-item 2] - [Reflecting on the current state of the project]** 

(discussing)

_Show Timur the working singleplayer. Do a check up of all must haves from the oficial backlog. Get feedback._

[16:56 - 16:59]  **[Agenda-item 3] - [What should be a good test coverage?]**

(discussing)

_Discuss on trying to test everything a bit more. What should be a good test coverage of the project? Let Timur chime in on this subject._

[16:59 – 17:05]  **[Agenda-item 4] – [Division of work for this week]**

_(deciding)_

_Set a new milestone and goals for this week. Suggestions of big tasks: emotes, jokers,different types of questions. Decide on how work is split this week._

[17:05 – 17:08]  **[Agenda-item 5] – [TA feedback]** 

_(discussing)_

_Get our TA’s feedback on how on track we are so far, and if there are any improvements that could be made._

[17:08 – 17:10] **Feedback Round**

[17:10 – 17:14]  **Question Round**

[17:14 – 17:15]  **Closure**  
©Instituut voor Talen en Academische Vaardigheden 2021
